insurance
[Music]
almost 29
en over
un
Bo un
Insurance health insurance
industate General Insurance comp
S3
almost
94% claim settlement
rati Inc claim
ratio that's a good incurred claim ratio
[Music]
to
HDFC optim sec
5 lakhs 5 10 15
25 50 lakh 1 CR 2
[Music]
uned almost 2
PR
INF
in
[Music]
laks 10 lakhs 15 lakhs 25 lakhs 50 1 CR
2 CR three CR unlimited available
Max up to years
El
treat prosp
popos
[Music]
Max
treatment treatment up
day
treatments all treatments
maximum up
to maximum up to 20
Dom
[Music]
once
power
booster guaranteed bonus 100% guaranteed
unlimited times
[Music]
blood pressure cholesterol
diabetes obesity
C
[Music]
El
an
sorry
[Music]
B
1% of theur for room 2% ofur for
I room modif
[Music]
Ma
equ
[Music]
health insurance
dep
depmod maximum up to 10 days
almost 15 to
[Music]
higher
expens plan
specific
existing specific years initial waiting
period 30 days
90 days in the waiting perod blood
pressure diabetes heart
conditions
preexisting days
[Music]
El
INF
plus two
children almost 237
I
hosp
[Music]
thank you so much once again
health insurance advisor thank you